In C++, std::string::npos is a constant of type std::size_t, which is used to indicate that 
a string search operation did not find the desired substring. It represents the highest possible 
value for a std::size_t, often equivalent to -1 when interpreted as an unsigned value.
xx
--------

std::ios_base::failure is an exception class in C++ that is part of the std::ios_base class, 
which is the base class for C++ stream classes like std::ifstream, std::ofstream, and std::iostream.

It is used to represent errors related to I/O (Input/Output) operations, specifically in cases when
something goes wrong during file or stream operations.

-------
xx
. catch (const std::exception& e)
catch: This keyword is used to define the block of code that will execute when an exception is thrown in 
the corresponding try block.xx
const std::exception& e: This is the type of the exception that the catch block is prepared to handle.
std::exception: This is a standard C++ class that serves as the base class for all exceptions in C++. 
All exceptions in C++ derive from this base class, which means any xx error or issue can be caught using this type.
const: Ensures that the exception object cannot be modified within the catch block. It is read-only.
std::exception& e: The e is a reference to the exception object. By using a reference, we avoid making 
a copy of the exception object, which is more efficient and avoids unnecessary copying of data. 
The reference allows us to access the exception object directly.

std::cerr << e.what() << std::endl;xx
std::cerr: This is the standard error stream in C++. It's used to output error messages. 
Unlike std::cout, which is used for regular output, std::cerr is typically used to report errors or issues.
e.what(): The what() member function is inherited from std::exception. It returns a C-style string (const char*) 
that describes the exception. This string contains an explanation of what went wrong.

-------------

Exercise 04: Sed is for Losers
This exercise involves creating a program that reads a file, replaces occurrences of a specified string (s1) with another string (s2), and writes the modified content into a new file named <filename>.replace. The focus is on using C++ features like file streams and string manipulation while avoiding std::string::replace.

Requirements Breakdown
Input Parameters:
xx
The program accepts three command-line arguments:
filename: Name of the file to read from.
s1: The string to be replaced.
s2: The string to replace s1 with.
File Operations:

Open the input file for reading.
Create a new file named <filename>.replace for writing.
String Replacement:xx

Replace all occurrences of s1 with s2 in the file content.
Use any member functions of std::string except replace.
Error Handling:
xx
Handle cases where:
Fewer than three arguments are provided.
The input file cannot be opened.
s1 is empty (invalid input).
Memory or I/O errors occur.
Implementation Plan
Classes and Functions
main():

Parse command-line arguments and handle invalid input.
Open the input file and output file.
Call a function to process the file content.
processFile():

Reads the input file line by line.
Replaces occurrences of s1 with s2 in each line.
Writes the modified line to the output file.
replaceAll():

A helper function that replaces all occurrences of s1 in a string with s2.
Implements the replacement logic without using std::string::replace.
File Structure
main.cpp: Contains the main program logic.
Makefile: Compiles the program.

Explanation of Key Components
replaceAll():

Uses find to locate occurrences of s1.
Constructs the result string by appending parts before s1, replacing s1 with s2, and appending the rest.
File Processing:

Reads the input file line by line using std::getline.
Applies replaceAll on each line.
Writes the modified line to the output file.
Error Handling:

Throws exceptions for invalid input or file-related errors.
Catches exceptions in main() and prints user-friendly error messages.
Makefile:

Ensures the program is compiled with appropriate flags (-Wall -Wextra -Werror -std=c++98).